GROUP MEETING NOTES
===================

- Agreed to scrap the old Use Case documents in favor of more relevant Use Case documents, in keeping with the Main Features outlined in the V&S document.
- Notated that the Professor only wanted us to complete 6 Main Features, in the V&S document.
- Notated that the Professor wants 2-3 Use Case documents PER Main Feature.
- Notated that the Professor DOES NOT need us to finish any diagrams for our 1st Presentation.
- Confirmed that this IS a semester-long project & that we will continue to work & iterate on our project, past the 1st Presentation. (Hence why he does not want us to worry about diagrams we haven't learned yet)

- Discussed & Divided work on the Use-Case documents:
  • FE-1	Marcus
  • FE-2	Marcus
  • FE-3	Eduardo
  • FE-4	Logan
  • FE-5	Nick/Robert
  • FE-6	Lily/Nick

- More information about which Use Case is assigned to YOU can be found in:
  • Google Drive -> Use Case Documents -> Sign-Up Sheet

- Discussed that between Saturday, 2/24 and Thursday, 2/29 that we will work on the Use Case documents.
- We will reconvene for our weekly Thursday meeting @ 8pm to discuss our progress
- On Thursday, we will:
  • Discuss Use Case documents: What's completed & What still needs to be done
  • Discuss if we should use a PP slide presentation or simply scroll through the word document
  • Decide who will present for each section
  • Practice presenting for each section
  • Clean up the SRS document before Saturday
