GROUP MEETING NOTES
===================
- Discussed which Use Case documents are still in progress/need to be completed
- Reported to be on track & Planned to have all UCs completed before our 1st Presentation on Saturday
- Agreed to ensure that everyone uploads the UCs into the Google Drive, so that we have it all in one place & ready for the 1st Presentation
- Agreed that if anyone needed help on their UCs to feel free to ask on Discord
- Agreed to clean up the SRS before 1st Presentation

- For our 1st Presentation, we decided our format will be:
	• Project Owner (James) will start off with a short, basic Introduction of our MealMeet Team
	• Scrum Master (Lily) will take over & discuss Meeting Minutes + Jira + Confluence + Sprint Backlog
	• Robert will then go over the Project Charter, Purpose, and Scope
	• Then, we will continue to go down the SRS (or through each PowerPoint slide) with each Team Member discussing & presenting the section that they wrote

- Decided to convert the SRS sections into the MealMeet Powerpoint, so that it presents nicer & can delineate which slides people will be presenting.
- Agreed to report back to the Team if any changes regarding the format of the Presentation changes via Professor's email.
