GROUP MEETING NOTES
===================
- No in-class meeting today because Professor cancelled it. (Asynchronous)
- Instead, we held our own group team meeting @ Discord
- Discussed that we still need to complete the following diagrams:
	• Class Diagram (Logan)
	• Package Diagram (Marcus)
	• Context Diagram (Eduardo)
	• Sequence Diagram (Lily & Nick)
- Class Diagram
	• Logan reported that he understood Class Diagrams & will begin work
- Package Diagram
	• We are still waiting for Marcus to reply back
- Context Diagram
	• Eduardo reported that he understood Context Diagrams & will begin work
- Sequence Diagram
	• Lily & Nick reported that they both understood Sequence Diagrams & are currently working on them
- Robert is our flex for this Sprint
	• Recommended that he help out: either Logan or Marcus on their respective diagrams
- COS Sprint 3 has officially begun:
	• Our goal is have a rough draft of each diagram done by Thursday, 4/25
- Mock Final Presentation
	• Planned to have a mock/dry run of our Final Presentation @ Saturday, 4/27
- Discussed that if anyone has any further questions/concerns about the diagrams (no matter how trivial) to reach out to the group @ Discord
